README.md, before:

# Child Mind Health ML Project

This project focuses on analyzing and predicting child mental health outcomes using machine learning techniques.

## Project Structure

```
├── .ipynb_checkpoints/
├── Child_Mind_Health.ipynb     # Main analysis notebook
├── data_dictionary.csv        # Feature descriptions
├── train.csv                  # Training dataset
├── test.csv                   # Test dataset
├── series_train.parquet/       # Training parquet files (Accelerometer data)
├── series_test.parquet/        # Testing parquet files (Accelerometer data)
├── avg_parquet.csv            # Preprocessed data
├── requirements.txt           # Python dependencies
└── README.md
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8 or higher
- pip (Python package installer)
- git

### Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone [repository-url]
   cd [project-directory]
   ```

2. Install required packages
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

### Running the Project

1. Start Jupyter Notebook
   ```bash
   jupyter notebook
   ```

2. Open the notebooks in the following order:
   - `Preparing_Data.ipynb` - Data preprocessing and cleaning
   - `Child_Mind_Health.ipynb` - Main analysis and modeling

## Data Files

- `train.csv`: Training dataset
- `test.csv`: Test dataset for predictions
- `data_dictionary.csv`: Description of all features
- `avg_parquet.csv`: Preprocessed data file

## Notes

- Required Python packages are listed in `requirements.txt`
- Data preprocessing steps are documented in `Preparing_Data.ipynb`
- Model development and analysis can be found in `Child_Mind_Health.ipynb`

## Contributing

1. Create a new branch for your feature
2. Make your changes
3. Submit a pull request

Commit message:

Add link to Kaggle in Readme

README.md, after:

# Child Mind Health ML Project

> This project is based on the [Child Mind Institute - Detect Problematic Internet Usage](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/child-mind-institute-problematic-internet-use) Kaggle competition.

This project focuses on analyzing and predicting child mental health outcomes using machine learning techniques. The goal is to detect problematic internet usage patterns in young people to enable earlier and more effective mental health interventions.

## Project Structure

```
├── .ipynb_checkpoints/
├── series_test.parquet/
├── series_train.parquet/
├── Child_Mind_Health.ipynb     # Main analysis notebook
├── Preparing_Data.ipynb        # Data preprocessing notebook
├── avg_parquet.csv            # Preprocessed data
├── data_dictionary.csv        # Feature descriptions
├── train.csv                  # Training dataset
├── test.csv                   # Test dataset
├── requirements.txt           # Python dependencies
└── README.md
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8 or higher
- pip (Python package installer)
- git

### Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone [repository-url]
   cd [project-directory]
   ```

2. Install required packages
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

### Running the Project

1. Start Jupyter Notebook
   ```bash
   jupyter notebook
   ```

2. Open the notebooks in the following order:
   - `Preparing_Data.ipynb` - Data preprocessing and cleaning
   - `Child_Mind_Health.ipynb` - Main analysis and modeling

## Data Files

- `train.csv`: Training dataset
- `test.csv`: Test dataset for predictions
- `data_dictionary.csv`: Description of all features
- `avg_parquet.csv`: Preprocessed data file

## Notes

- Required Python packages are listed in `requirements.txt`
- Data preprocessing steps are documented in `Preparing_Data.ipynb`
- Model development and analysis can be found in `Child_Mind_Health.ipynb`

## Contributing

1. Create a new branch for your feature
2. Make your changes
3. Submit a pull request
